we have here and in which the bun has
spoken
[Music]
I want moved by those people by
those profiles that are denouncing
inappropriate behavior on the part of
a chain by an
audiovisual group I have enormous admiration and to
give reiterate but there are people who
believe that this effort that they are
making that in my opinion is a
mistaken or diverted effort I am
not going to say mistaken because we must
also respect the opinion of each
decade when they believe that this effort
is having an impact and the
reality is that the impact it is
having is just the opposite of what
they think and someone should
show them the Mediaset accounts I
repeat Javier official accounts
presented before the National
Securities Market Commission we are not
talking about a hoax or an
expectation well I have arrived and I have come
to hear I don't know where that Mediaset had
gotten you 800,000 subscribers
with the second installment well the name of
Rocío
800,000 well what is the reality
no no Javier is that also I think that if
not on YouTube I think it has been on
YouTube
friend like the  I do
n't know who on these news channels hasn't told the
truth, nor do I remember what I'm watching it on,
but I can assure you that someone has
categorically stated that you can see
where things are going and I think it
's someone who more or less puts out
false news but he's working his
ass off at home. You
know
Carlos, if they had gotten 800,000
subscribers with the second installment of
the series, taking into account that it's three
months and that it's fifteen euros five each
month,
look, we'd be talking about
twelve million euros in income. Well,
now I'm here, to the one who said that,
or to the one who said that, I don't know who it
was, I'm going to give some bad news or
a disappointment. It's because the results have
already been presented, and I also think it's
good, well, of course, Mediaset is trying to
hide all of this
so that people, well, the investors, of course, the
investors, that
these things are perfectly fine, see if they
detect it, that at the same time that they
presented the results, raise them at
12 this Friday, that is, yesterday,
Mediaset shares fell 3% on the
spot, on the spot, the same thing we have
here, but for  a normal market is that
now of course people are very attentive to the
written currency now maybe
a drop of 10 from 20 another day it
goes up 30 but 3% in an
Ibex market a huge drop well well
3% means that your shares
are worth 60 million euros less than a few
minutes ago
60 million for 60 million 60 million
euros is 10 billion of the
old pesetas - I say for the
older ones that saying this in minutes today
this happened between twelve and twelve
thirty and the market closed at five
thirty with a drop of 3%
that is observed apart from other data that
are positive for Mediaset such as the
recovery of
advertising occupancy in the second quarter and
such that is observed with respect to what
everyone has their attention
which is the Rocio Carrasco documentary
in the middle of Plus
well one fact that I repeat is
incontestable although they hide the good stuff
there so that it is not very noticeable
no and it is that in contrast to those who said that
this was being a success  huge that
has some really high views
that I don't know how many the reality is
that we compare the data from my tele plus I'm
not saying this to you and Javier I'm saying it to
your audience listen very carefully
if you compare the data from my tele plus
second sorry sorry but I'm already
leaving first half of 2022 or rather the one
we are in the one that just ended
don't compare it with the first half of
2021 which is the only way to place
the headings
analytically there has been a
growth of 7 percent
a growth of 7 percent in my
mind and not in subscribers that is
taking into account that le plus issues at the
end of the year in 2021 it stated that it
had 212 thousand subscribers
the account is very simple a growth
over 212 thousand subscribers in the first
half of 7 percent means
that there are 15 16 thousand people
who have subscribed throughout the year
sorry throughout the first half of
2022 to my tele plus
let's assume that all are subscribers who
arrived as a result of the series
of  Rocio Carrasco in the name of
extra ration another reading towards the good but we
lose let's imagine for a moment let's not
imagine for a moment that it is the 7
percent growth that are I repeat
15 16 thousand subscribers all have arrived
in the last few days not as a result of the
documentary Cano if you multiply Javier
16 thousand with 17 thousand
for 15 euros
what are
those new subscribers going to pay to my
TV Bruce because I stayed plus there is no
permanent contract because the figure
is what it is the
figure is what it is or in other words there is no
more story it is clear the figure the figure
is what it is shooting high
shooting them high we are talking about
putting it difficult by level with 20 thousand
20,000 Javier by shooting high it is
convenient you will come for 15 for 15 euros
which is three months putting mind we
are because well obviously me
because there will be people who even if they were
subscribed before will also stay for
the series okay okay with 20 thousand 20 thousand for
15 are  300 thousand euros 300,000 euros
load have covered the expenses but we are
collected at the level but not by far or
far that is why I insisted a lot in March,
April, May when people said
no, it is that they do not dare
to put the series on open access because it is a
failure, let's see, it has to be
put on open access if a simple os because
these 200 these 300 thousand are going to be released
in the first gala
but they are going to release it in the first cut
of the first gala reverts
as soon as as soon as it plugs in 10
ads
10, I'm not even telling you a
25 like they had some cuts of
the final gala of survivors
as soon as it plugs in 10 ads with him with
the first installment they have already exceeded
Miguel's income from plus of all of all of
these three months that are going to
make of the three months of course calo
because people have paid May sorry
June July and are going to pay all of August
logically not and why do you think what
amount for putting it first on
pay-per-view man
how good well
look I think it makes sense
because  Of course, if you add up, let's
see Sing Media, which is a company
that analyzes market studies for
pay TV platforms, it
estimates that the big premieres
on A3 Player, Tele Plus, and so on have a
maximum of 30 percent of the
audience. Well, if we think about it, well, if we
think about it, no, because we already know because it's
data published by Media in
Spain that they currently have
230 out of 240 thousand subscribers,
let's put it at 250 thousand to make
a round calculation so that people
understand.
If they have subscribers, we also have them.
At this moment, we
would be talking about
seven episodes. We
would be talking about,
let's put ourselves at the top of 80, 85
thousand people watching the premiere of each
episode. It
seems to me that it's a good calculation. If you
want, go up a little bit, go up to 40.
Well, you can't go up if you want, I
want to tell you no, and I don't want to
make a dogma of that data here, you know,
but thinking about
your most viewed things, well, I don't know how La Casa de
Papel or how the
movie was released because even if we
put ourselves in the  50% Javier even if we
put it above 10 points
above the most viewed we would be
talking about 120 thousand views
this any of you who are on
youtube know that it is an
important figure for a youtuber but a
figure is ridiculous for a network for
an audiovisual group
with those years that the well-known
spears aussies have been around those are figures maybe
for us
but well we continue to see if there is an
extraordinary figure for the other eight
you have made videos with the subject of
amber and not
very powerful
you wanted about operation of light that I have
seen and others that have that type of
views but of course here that are
worth more titles that they are going to tell you it is
a huge success but for an audiovisual group
like mediaset that capitalizes what it
capitalizes
after thirty something years of almost
forty broadcasts in Spain
under the umbrella
of the berlusconi group and others but for
them this is a very low figure
at an expensive price either because it is what
you can do five euros in
what can cost you less to become a
member of a youtube channel or  a
movie ticket and you see a film
we're talking it pays me five euros and
you swallow the whole documentary the
whole month what happens is that I also have
a second reading here Francisco too and it
's that maybe it's also an audience
every month there's a lot more audience interested
in the documentary but it's an audience that is
reluctant to spend money no matter how
little it is we know for example it
costs us a lot of work to get
people to come out well brief and you get those
90 cents but the explanation that I
give is that maybe having to
put the card on the internet for example
the fact that on my TV you have to read a
QR code the television and that's what I say I'm saying
older ladies don't make a stand
and my mother does that you understand
so that's what fails what
puts them off it's the only one it's another
reading that we could do
yes but look that for example we are
talking about a single market not the
market of the payment platform of the
two audiovisual groups well three
media has 450 thousand subscribers Javier
three media has between 650 thousand
450 thousand 405 be it tell me yes or be it  It
doubles it doubles Mediaset of course but I'm
going to tell you one thing at A3 Media they have the
biggest YouTubers in the country
not only has it been their paid content
there I know I know they haven't diversified
much in terms of content in
terms of premieres I know I know but I
want to say that being that Telecinco
Mediaset has been the
undisputed leader for thirty-something years
until eight months ago until cession
months it has been the undisputed leader of the
audiovisual sector it is very striking at
least in my opinion I repeat this is
an opinion this is not so much this is not
a dogma of faith that on the
payment platform they have 230
240 well let's put 250 to
round the numbers I think they don't reach it I
think they are a little below
but well it's the same two sales centers
and that Ikea three media is no less
than doubling them
but of course but why because Lohan
my reflection out loud that I submit it
for your consideration as well and now of
the people who are listening to us because
Lohan in the name of Rocío on a
payment platform of course because  what they are
doing in my opinion is creating
the breeding ground for what is going to
arrive in September because they know
that beyond the fact that the platform
has a small reception, I
repeat, for me even if they were at 125
thousand views it is a poor result
but during all the Fridays and the
consecutive days to the premieres of the
chapters they are generating traffic in
the networks
what are we going to see in September in the
incidence that it has, I think it is going to
bring a lot of absence
because people are uploading videos, they
are giving opinions, the hashtag support
Rocío Carrasco is growing exponentially,
exponentially but what is it or in an
exponential way and that apart from
income, people do not know that when they
write a tweet with a hashtag they are
giving a few cents to earn to Mediaset
but well, this is how it is, no,
but apart from that it is creating an
expectation that I think will be
very good for them in the fall of winter
this is Javier's opinion this is not
a dogma this is not a
university analysis or a thesis or an
opinion it
is that they also have something else that
may be that they are not creating anymore  they are
creating expectation because everyone
knows that sooner or later it will be
released but if it doesn't go well they
also have the excuse of saying it's not that
we are weak, an audience that I do
n't think they are going to inflate the audience
but if it were bad or short I would say it's that
a lot of people have seen it on my tele
club of course that's what I would say but to load that
this second season Francisco
also although there are people who are the
closure by bands and it can like
like donkeys horses or I
call them by the things calm they only
want us beyond it's that this second
season is something else I mean what the
first season was an absurdity
against Antonio David and against Rocío
Flores an injustice wait here
we are already in another season that although
thinking about all the chapters it
puts the tip but to me because they have
their obsession with him what is the
family conflict well and you have to be
a little more objective and have a little
more of hey well like this girl in
some things and I know the truth and in others I
don't
for me personally I say it
with all the respect and  for the record, I have
not seen this second season
beyond pieces but for me
emotionally being much, very powerful
the first installment emotionally because
because they have played with an image
of a person oppressed and abused
by their partner is subjected to the
vicarious experience and well of the famous story of
the
cursed sentence of Rocío Flores when the minor
in short emotionally had a lot of
load the first first installment but
for me in terms of
television content the second installment is much more powerful
in the first for me it is I
repeat I know that this is very debatable
because there will be people who say man no the
important thing is what has been told in the
first installment no but in the end
in the sanse or the salsero is much more
in this second part the first in my
opinion first installment of the green point
happens in a couple of interviews
exactly I think the same as you I
think with which to say that in the end in
the first installment having
good powerful components not emotionally
even documentally although they
handled partial documentation as they
are already euros
well but but but but but
well that it was with the support of the government
with the entry of Montero with the
appearance of  grain lastra with
collaborators there on the plate
using almost almost almost
here I command it has to
be like this
well well that was what it was no
but in television content
what it is or rather in what
people who watch this type of programs like
that type save me or there are eight of us or it's already
noon or such I think it's more they can
of the second part and look even so it's
easy for the audiences not to
correspond with those of the first the
first was a boom
a boom they get to do
[Music]
and also with 36 year old beings
who are devastating the typical the typical
total which is for example Big
Brother one is the typical the typical
20 year old television that everyone you go out on
the street and even if they are people who don't
like television that don't like the
heart knows about the subject or at least have
seen I am a little bit the typical television event
[Music]